Agentless Docs Update for Cloud Security Management (#34641)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/cloud_security_management/setup/agentless_scanning/_index.md

## Overview

Agentless Scanning provides visibility into vulnerabilities that exist within your AWS, Azure, and GCP cloud infrastructure, without requiring you to install the Datadog Agent. Datadog recommends enabling Agentless Scanning as a first step to gain complete visibility into your cloud resources, and then installing the Datadog Agent on your core assets over time for deeper security and observability context.

<div class="alert alert-info">Agentless Scanning is available in all commercial Datadog data centers. It is not available for GovCloud and is not FIPS compliant.</div>

## How it works

> Most agentless security tools copy disk snapshots out of your environment into the vendor's infrastructure for analysis. Datadog takes a different approach for the sake of data privacy: lightweight scanning infrastructure is deployed **inside your cloud account**. Scanners create snapshots of your resources and analyze them locally. Only the resulting software bill of materials (SBOM) — a list of packages and dependencies — is sent to Datadog. Your raw data, disk contents, and container images never leave your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rather than copying disk snapshots outside of your environment for analysis, to keep your data private, Datadog deploys lightweight scanning infrastructure **inside your cloud account**. Agentless Scanning creates snapshots of your resources and analyzes them locally, deleting the snapshots after the analyses are complete. It only sends to Datadog the resulting software bill of materials (SBOM), which contains a list of packages and dependencies. Your raw data, disk contents, and container images never leave your environment.
```
We try not to compare Datadog with competitors and ignore that competitors even exist. I think this is a good middle ground to describe a less desirable solution and compare it with what we do, and leave who's using the other solution out of it 🙂
